How it Works

Busines Matrix Circles is a 2 X 3 Force Matric system where You refer only 3 referrers and each of your referrers refers their own 3 referrers each, then you have successfully completed a full Business Matrix Circle. You are expected to repeat the same instance 24 times to complete a full BMC Block and then you can decide to sign up for the next subscription up to the 3rd plan. You can decide to start with any of the 3 Packages and move to the next as you choose.

Primary Circles 

There are 3 Network Subscription Pakages which is called the Primary Circles, BMC1 for $35, BMC2 for $70 and BMC3 $140. There is a $5 APF (Admin Processing Fees) making your subscription fee less with $5, this means that your commission percentage will be given from the remaining amount after deducted your APF e.g BMC1 commission will be given from $30, BMC2 from $65 and BMC3 $135. Each of these Subscription packages have different interesting commissions, Bonuses and Item rewards. 

Comissions and Bonuses

You earn 30% commission from your direct referrers and 10% commission from your in-direct second level referrers minus the $5 APF. Every time you successfully complete a circle you get full circle completion bonus which is 2 times the total amount of commission you have earned in a circle. Example, lets assume you signed up for BMC2 subscription package which is for $70, you will get 30% of $65 from your direct downliners which is $19.5 X 3 = $58.5 and 10% from your in-direct downliners which is $6.5 X 9 = 58.5, so $58.5 + $58.5 = $117, To make the system more interesting and generous BMC Network will double your total earned commission by 2, in this case the total amount you will earn will be $117 X 2 = $234 in addition to completing your 24 circles making a full BMC Block you earn $234 X 24 = $5,616 Plus your 12 circle completion bonus of $500 and full Block completion Bonus of $1000 making a total earned amount of $7116. 

Items Rewards

Please refer to the Packages page to see the item rewards attached to each subscription plan.

Secondary Circles

Lets assume you are subscribed to BMC2 and you go out there talking to friends and family co-incidentally you got a referrer who is interested to join BMC network under the BMC3 subscription plan and you are on the BMC2 subscription plan, in this case you will not want to loose this potential referrer, however BMC Network system is built with a secondary Geonology which we call the secondary circle when you sign up this referrer the system places him under you in the secondary circle where you will still earn 30% of his BMC3 subscription minus the regular $5 APF and when he refer his first 3 downliners you will still get 5% commission from his downliners and it ends there. 

To him this is his own primary circle while to you it is your own secondary circle, the same instance goes on the other subscription packages that you are not subscribed to. But incase you want to have the full commissions in all the packages you can sign-up to all the packages to make them your primary circles.

The Over Flow 

The Over Flow is a situation where you have finished a your 24 circles and exit subscription plan and then move on to the next, you might still meet some referrers who might be interested in joining BMC network under you in your old subscription plan, in this case when you sign up such referrer the system places this referrer in your Over Flow only that you don't get any bonuses in the over flow just your earned commission.

Remember the main aim of BMC Network is to set you up in an online business of your choice which you will select from the pool of our premium online businesses from your Members Back Office. When you finish your 24 Matrix Circles, at that point you will be officially launch your online business and run it as this is very important not to be carried away in the MLM system forgeting your primary aim. You could still continue with other packages to keep earning extra income while growing your own online business simulteneously.


